#summary All about the jWizard plugin

=What is jQuery?=
"jQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development. jQuery is designed to change the way that you write JavaScript." [http://jquery.com/ jQuery Website]

=What is a Wizard?=
"A wizard is a user interface element where the user is presented with a sequence of dialog boxes. Through these dialog boxes, the user is led through a series of steps, performing tasks in a specific sequence. Sometimes it may be easier to perform tasks using a wizard, especially for complex or infrequently performed tasks where the user is unfamiliar with the steps involved." [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wizard_%28software%29 Wikipedia: Wizard (software)]

=What is jWizard?=
jWizard is a plugin for the jQuery library that makes the task of adding a wizard into your application's user interface a simple and painless endeavor.

=Why use this plugin over others?=
In building this plugin, I have opted to stick with the jQuery motto of "write less, do more" in all my development. The HTML, CSS and JS setup requirements are intuitive and minimalistic, but it still maintains the flexibility to adapt the capabilities for your specific needs. You are able to specify CSS Classes and more in order to integrate the wizard into the look and feel of your site. Lastly, the custom events used by this plugin allow you the added flexibility to really process and interface with your users.